Incoming livestream: And Dan decided to not actually comment on this presentation, but just do his, which I think is fine.
Incoming livestream: But I'll actually take the opportunity, if you don't mind, come up here, come up here. I want to embarrass you.
Incoming livestream: What's up? I hounded Dan for quite some time. How long… how many times did that hound you? Yeah, about 10. 10 times, on signal.
Incoming livestream: and on email, and in public groups. Dan, are you coming to do a presentation as unprompted?
Incoming livestream: And he was like, I don't know, I'm not sure I have enough to say. But the thing is, I actually prompted him, while we are very sensitive to this, to come and do a vendor pitch.
Incoming livestream: What? I know you're not doing the vendor pitch, it's fine. But I hounded him, come and talk about your company.
Incoming livestream: And everybody was, what are you doing, Gotti? And I went to the committee, and I said, I want to do this, because what Don has done
Incoming livestream: I did not mean that pun, but it works.
Incoming livestream: What Don has done is essentially create A company.
Incoming livestream: in this space, that is not just so-called AI native, but is so ahead of its time, they literally emptied the Apple shops, Apple stores down, because they bought laptops that will be strong enough for the people stealing your content.
Incoming livestream: And yet, everybody started using, I think, cloud code, right, and skills, and they keep releasing their stuff in open source, and they invested millions in getting to the DARPA AICC competition, and they have just made themselves the leaders, in many cases, of AI security, just because he took a bet that the world is gonna change, he did not want to be left behind, he wanted to actually help make themselves relevant in the future, because many of us will not be
Incoming livestream: And that transformation was so critical for me.
Incoming livestream: I asked him, please come do a vendor pitch. Tell us your journey, your transformation of how you see the world working right now, because there is nobody else out there right now that I know that can do this both technically.
Incoming livestream: with the right ethos, and also be careful about not pitching us too hard. So with that, Dan, please.
Incoming livestream: Thank you. Thank you, Gotti.
Incoming livestream: Let's get this over here… I can see that. Alright, great.
Incoming livestream: So…